Docs Update: Show example of state lock table access control (#30423)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/backends/s3.mdx

}
```

> It is also possible to apply fine-grained access control to the DynamoDB

Reviewer: I love this! My only nitpick is that I like to say something like "The following example policy [description of what it does]."  Could we add something like that? Otherwise, I fully support the addition of an example - thank you so much for doing this!

Reviewer 2: Thanks for this, @noce2. I'll echo @laurapacilio's comment about adding some more detail. For example, the section describing S3 fine-grained access says

> Amazon S3 supports fine-grained access control on a per-object-path basis
using IAM policy. A full description of S3's access control mechanism is
beyond the scope of this guide, but an example IAM policy granting access
to only a single state object within an S3 bucket is shown below:

It would be a good idea to link to the AWS documentation on DynamoDB fine-grained locking at https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/specifying-conditions.html.

I would also explain why the IAM policy needs to access both `myorg-terraform-states/myapp/production/tfstate` and `myorg-terraform-states/myapp/production/tfstate-md5`.

Author: thanks for the comments all 🥳 , will make some updates

}
```

It is also possible to apply fine-grained access control to the DynamoDB

> table used for locking. During a `terraform plan`, when the state lock is put in place,
> Terraform stores the full statefile as a document with its partition key set 
> as the s3 object key. After the state lock is released, a digest of the updated
> statefile is placed in DynamoDB with a key similar to that of the original 
> statefile but suffixed with `-md5`. A simple IAM policy that would allow the 
> role assumed for backend operations to perform the aforementioned operations is 
> shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
table used for locking. When Terraform puts the state lock in place during `terraform plan`, it stores the full state file as a document and sets the s3 object key as the partition key for the document. After the state lock is released, Terraform places a digest of the updated state file in DynamoDB. The key is similar to the one for the original state file, but is suffixed with `-md5`. 

The example below shows a simple IAM policy that allows the backend operations role to perform these operations:
```
